Doc middleware compress content type (#6738)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/compress.md

    * The `Accept-Encoding` request header contains `gzip`.
    * The response is not already compressed, i.e. the `Content-Encoding` response header is not already set.

>     If Content-Type header is not defined, or empty, the compress middleware will proceed to a content type [detection](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If Content-Type header is not defined, or empty, the compress middleware will automatically [detect](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/) a content type. 
```

>     It will also set the `Content-Type` header with the detected MIME type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It will also set accordingly the `Content-Type` header with the detected MIME type.
```
